Add px4 ros2 navigation interface (#2940)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/ros2/px4_ros2_control_interface.md

> # PX4 ROS 2 Control Interface <Badge type="warning" text="main (v1.15+)" vertical="top" />

Reviewer: FYI @GuillaumeLaine I just added this `Badge` to the headings in the three docs. Part of a plan to make it clear the versions in which stuff is known to work.

Note I'd rather do this using page front metadata, but that's going to require some more thinking.

:::warning Experimental
At the time of writing, parts of the PX4 ROS 2 Control Interface are experimental, and hence subject to change:

- The architecture and core interfaces for defining modes in ROS 2 modes are largely stable, and are tested in CI.
  The library offers significant benefits over using offboard mode in its current state.
- Only a few setpoint types have settled (the others are still under development).
  You may need to use internal PX4 topics which may not remain backwards-compatible over time.
- The API is not fully documented.

:::

> The [PX4 ROS 2 Interface Library](https://github.com/Auterion/px4-ros2-interface-lib) is a C++ library that simplifies controlling PX4 from ROS 2.

Reviewer: From here, best to link to the parent page:

```suggestion
The [PX4 ROS 2 Interface Library](ros2/px4_ros2_interface_lib.md) is a C++ library that simplifies controlling PX4 from ROS 2.
```

Developers use the library to create and dynamically register modes written using ROS 2.
These modes are dynamically registered with PX4, and appear to be part of PX4 to a ground station or other external system.
They can even replace the default modes in PX4 with enhanced ROS 2 versions, falling back to the original version if the ROS2 mode fails.

The library also provides classes for sending different types of setpoints, ranging from high-level navigation tasks all the way down to direct actuator controls.
These classes abstract the internal setpoints used by PX4, and that can therefore be used to provide a consistent ROS 2 interface for future PX4 and ROS releases.

## Overview

> This diagram provides a conceptual overview of how PX4 ROS 2 Interface Library modes and mode executors interact with PX4.

Reviewer: Maybe?

```suggestion
This diagram provides a conceptual overview of how the control interface modes and mode executors interact with PX4.
```

- Multiple nodes or applications can coexist and even run at the same time.
  But only one node can _control the vehicle_ at a given time, and this node is well defined.
- Modes have a distinct name and be displayed/selected in the GCS.
- Modes are integrated with the failsafe state machine and arming checks.
- The setpoint types that can be sent are well defined.
- ROS 2 modes can replace flight controller internal modes (such as [Return mode](../flight_modes/return.md)).

## Installation and First Test

The following steps are required to get started:

1. Make sure you have a working [ROS 2 setup](../ros/ros2_comm.md), with [`px4_msgs`](https://github.com/PX4/px4_msgs) in the ROS 2 workspace.
2. Clone the repository into the workspace:

   ```sh
   cd $ros_workspace/src
   git clone --recursive https://github.com/Auterion/px4-ros2-interface-lib
   ```

   :::note
   To ensure compatibility, use the latest _main_ branches for PX4, _px4_msgs_ and the library.
   See also [here](https://github.com/Auterion/px4-ros2-interface-lib#compatibility-with-px4).
   :::

3. Build the workspace:

   ```sh
   cd ..
   colcon build
   source install/setup.bash

>    ```

Reviewer: FWIW all this is now duplicated in three places. I think that's OK, but if we end up with too many of these we might instead link up for this.

   [DEBUG] [example_mode_manual]: Subscriber found, continuing
   [DEBUG] [example_mode_manual]: Publisher found, continuing
   [DEBUG] [example_mode_manual]: Got RegisterExtComponentReply
   [DEBUG] [example_mode_manual]: Arming check request (id=1, only printed once)
   ```

8. On the PX4 shell, you can check that PX4 registered the new mode:

   ```sh
   commander status
   ```

   The output should contain:

   ```{5}
   INFO  [commander] Disarmed
   INFO  [commander] navigation mode: Position
   INFO  [commander] user intended navigation mode: Position
   INFO  [commander] in failsafe: no
   INFO  [commander] External Mode 1: nav_state: 23, name: My Manual Mode
   ```

9. At this point you should be able to see the mode in QGroundControl as well:

   ![QGC Modes](../../assets/middleware/ros2/px4_ros2_interface_lib/qgc_modes.png)

10. Select the mode, make sure you have a manual control source (physical or virtual joystick), and arm the vehicle.
    The mode will then activate, and it should print the following output:

    ```sh
    [DEBUG] [example_mode_manual]: Mode 'My Manual Mode' activated
    ```

11. Now you are ready to create your own mode.

> ## How to Use the Library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to use the Library
```
